Subtitles by explosiveskull
You expect me to
believe one man done this?
One man?
One unarmed man did all this?
It's what we're told.
By who, exactly?
What happened here?
He was waiting for 'em.
And he started asking questions.
What about?
About you.
What about me?
I don't know, but
they started arguing.
What happened?
All hell broke loose.
Keep working, you.
We gotta get this
railroad built.
I know
it's not much, but.
It's perfect.
You're perfect.
And one day we'll
have land of our own
and a house for everyone.
I'm happy where we are, Jing.
I know, but.
I don't need much.
I just need you.
I just need us.
Forever.
Pick it up.
You either pick it up
or I shoot you dead.
Pick it up.
I'm sorry.
You just drew on a law man.
Get up boy.
You have got to be
out of your mind.
Get away from my bars.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Well that's a matter of
perspective now, isn't it?
Once the marshal
gets back into town,
he'll decide what to do with ya.
When the marshal
gets back into town,
he'll see that I'm innocent.
You are many things,
but innocent is not one of them, boy.
Jesus Christ, he really does
smell like a fuckin' animal.
You might wanna sick
the hose on him, Frank.
Ask me where I'm headed.
Where you headed to, Deputy?
Well, I'm glad
you asked, you see
I got a date with a lady friend,
and I think our Mr. Chinaman
knows exactly who she is,
in fact, I know you
know who she is.
Now you have got to be
out of your goddamn mind,
I will paint these
walls with your brains.
I'm the one you
got a problem with.
Leave her be.
Problem?
I don't have a problem with you.
I see you as nothing,
except for something
maybe that exists in between
the dirt and the roaches,
but nothing of
importance in my world.
Your woman, however, I do
have a problem with her.
You see, I have yellow
fever, and I'm hoping
that she's the cure.
I'm terribly sorry
to disturb you
at such an ungodly hour, Miss...
Phang, Miss Phang.
Is everything okay?
I'm not gonna lie to you,
this is about your husband.
I'm afraid he's in a
whole lot of trouble.
But I assure you, I am here
to help you, in any way I can.
Where is he?
There was an incident at town.
I saw it, it
wasn't Jing's fault.
Now now, I'm not
here to discuss the law
or who did or
didn't do something.
I'm just here to help you, you
and your husband, to do this,
peaceful-like.
Hey Frank.
Now son, I been
patient, I have been kind,
but you have done
burned my patience
down to the fuckin' ground.
You yellow-skinned
piece of shit,
keep your hands off of the...
Where's Jing?
You said he was, I need
to go find my husband.
I believe you
misunderstood my intentions.
I'm sorry for the confusion.
Your husband is
obviously not here.
I brought you here
for personal reasons.
Now, I can help reunite you
with him, and I'd like to.
But you're gonna have to do
a little something for me.
To get a little you
gotta give a little.
Now would you like to
go see your husband?
Take my hand.
Oh.
This place brings back memories.
See, when I was little,
this place used to be
a slaughterhouse.
Still actually see the
blood stains of the animals.
Nope.
It's gonna be over
real soon, okay?
And then you'll
see your husband.
You'll see him real
soon, just be...
It's okay.
That's okay.
Shh.
Woo!
Hey now.
Oh fuck.
Fuck.
Oh no no no.
Oh no.
No.
Hey!
I need help!
Hey.
Don't turn your back on me.
All I need is a name.
Chink.
You better get going
where you came from.
I just need his name.
You can kill me.
What do you think I'm go do?
He gave him what he wanted.
What are you talkin' about?
Said you'd be lookin' for him.
Said to give this
to Marshal Walker.
Get some men together.
And get me a tracker.
What is it, Danny?
Jake Sanders.
What about him?
Jake was our tracker.
Then find me another one!
Get!
Make sure that they
get a fittin' burial.
What a damn mess.
Jesus.
He hadn't paid.
Stick it on his
tab, he's good for it.
Get up!
You gentlemen have
me at a disadvantage,
you seem to know who I am,
I don't know who you are.
Got a job for you.
I'm retired.
Not today you're not.
So I'm guessing I
have little choice.
No you do not.
Who's hirin'?
Marshal Walker.
What's the job?
It's any easy one.
Need you to track one man.
It's easy, huh?
Then why you need me?
We need this done quickly.
One thing I learned
about trackin' men.
It's never easy and you
damn sure never rush it.
Well now, that's two things.
That one's a keeper.
Where are my damn britches?
Oh, shit.
We'll be outside waitin'.
Come on, Danny.
The other riders'll
meet ya in the mornin'.
Marshal.
Oriel.
That should cover it.
I'll take real
good care of 'em.
Just get 'em
out of the street.
Folks don't need to see this.
Right, right.
You stick to my boy like
flies on shit till this is done.
He takes a piss,
you hold it for him,
he takes a shit, you wipe him.
But you keep him safe.
Although Frank would
very much enjoy that,
I'm quite capable of
taking care of myself.
Which begs the question, why
am I not going with them?
Give us a minute, Frank.
Because being your father,
it's my job
to protect you, James.
Read this.
Now you know why you can't go
and why we need to end this,
be done with it.
Let me clean up my own mess.
Best you remember who made
this mess in the first place.
Makes me sick thinking
about what you done.
Don't take your
eyes off me, boy.
Best we get this dealt with
quick and let people forget
about the Chinaman and his wife.
They're not gonna...
Hey.
You're my son and
I love you, James,
but this is the last
time, the last damn time.
I made your mother a
promise, God rest her soul,
that I'd keep you outta trouble.
Trouble just seems to
find you, don't it?
And right now I'm going
to pray for forgiveness,
and you oughta go with me.
God turned his back
on us a long time ago.
You old fool.
Lord,
as far as the boy,
I've tried hard to forgive him.
But there's just no good in him.
Never has been.
But damn me, I made a promise
to his mother on her deathbed
that I'd see to it that
no harm would come to him,
even though I know it should.
Forgive me for that.
Please forgive me for that.
Whoa.
You see anything?
Yeah.
The town.
You know Senor, we're gettin'
real tired of your jokes.
I just buried four of my men.
We paid for results.
Paid.
First of all, nobody spoke
to me about any money.
Second of all, this guy
killed four of your men.
He did.
Maybe.
But I see badges pinned
on you and your friends.
We're not planning on
bringing him in alive, Senor.
Well, I'm a
tracker, not a hunter.
Do we have a problem, Senor?
I don't.
But you might, you
don't put that steel
back where it belongs.
Now about my fee.
Eh.
Senor.
When we find that Chinaman,
and we don't need you no more,
we'll come back to
this conversation, huh?
Can't wait.
And just for the
record, I like women.
Ya baby.
And he says that fella's
lucky at cards too.
Hey hon.
Hi darlin'.
Get up.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Well ain't you angry
enough to fight
a bear with a hickory switch?
There's four good men
layin' in pine boxes
out on the street right there
because of what you did.
You got blood on
your hands, boy.
I said I'm sorry.
You're sorry.
Sorry ain't good enough.
I come in here and catch
you laughin' and drinkin'.
Might as well be pissin'
on their corpses.
Well what am I supposed to do?
I ain't allowed to
hunt the bastard,
I ain't allowed to drink, what
am I allowed to do, Father?
You're gonna go home and
you're gonna stay there
till this is done.
Maybe if we're lucky,
we mend this quickly
with you still alive,
but I swear to you,
I catch you in town
again drinkin' or whorin'
before this man is caught,
you'll have me to contend with.
You best be ready to go all-in.
You're not worth
the bullet, old man.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
Hyah.
That's the horse
he stole from us.
He's on foot now.
Well I guess it says
something about the man
you're hunting then, doesn't it?
The man we're hunting.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I said.
And he's not a man.
Horse is lame.
Figure that's why he didn't
want to ride it into the dirt.
Hyah.
That horse don't look lame.
Oh, you know a lot
about horses then, do ya?
I know that horse
belongs to us.
Well why don't you
go chase it, then?
You know, gringo, you're
becoming a real pain in the ass.
You might wanna have that
checked out by Dr. Wade
when you get back there.
Could be something serious.
It's gonna be serious when
we find that Chinaman, huh?
For you.
I figured that's why you
ain't discussed my fee yet.
Too dark now.
Let's set up camp.
Camp?
We just found his tracks!
Hey, we'll follow him now.
Maybe you missed the
part about it being dark.
I can't track what I can't see.
Camp.
Get away.
Evenin'.
Looks to me like
we're behind schedule.
What do you expect?
Chinese doing all the work.
I expect when I pay
good money for a job
that it oughta be done
when I need it done.
Speakin' of pay.
You owe me on my draw.
I got mouths to feed too.
You're lucky I
need those tracks.
Pleasure doing
business with you.
Did you hear that?
Where?
Spread out, spread out, dammit.
You hungry?
Nah.
So what's your plan, son?
Who said I had one?
Well you just gonna
keep killin' men
till you get the
one you're after?
Mm-hmm.
I was hoping the one I was
looking for was with you.
You know Walker's son, too
lazy a pig pen.
You really think he can come
out here lookin' for you?
Now his father,
his father's men.
That's a whole lotta guns to
go up against for a lone man.
Man you after's the kinda man
that hides behind other men.
They ain't stoppin'
till you're dead.
I'm already dead.
What are you gonna do with that?
I haven't really decided yet.
But I need you to stand down.
Do it.
Send me to my family.
Why don't you walk
away from this, son.
There's nothing in it.
Son of a bitch, never
right place when I need it.
Why don't you help me?
What you want me to do, son?
Just send him a message.
I can do that.
Whoa.
Ho.
What in the hell happened here?
The hell you think happened?
Where the marshal?
Should be at his
house up on the hill.
Damn.
You stay here.
Give me that rifle, Ben.
Don't you ever
listen to me, James?
The Chinaman.
Well he went to us like a
hot knife to butter, didn't he?
Did you lose one?
Couldn't find a body
when the sun come up.
Wolves I'm guessin'.
Well you're the tracker,
was it wolves or not?
Well after seein' what I saw,
wasn't gonna stick
around to find out.
How is it that
you're still alive?
Well he wanted me
to deliver a message.
Which is?
I reckon you're lookin' at it.
If you just would've
listened to me
and let me take Danny and
Frank to hunt this man down
we wouldn't be having
this conversation
with a half-wit tracker.
Well, you certainly
right about that, boy.
You wouldn't be having
this conversation,
because you'd be dead.
Did you speak to him?
Well, more accurately
he spoke to me,
and he said I ends with him.
Then I believe your services
are no longer required.
Put it away.
Now.
You'll be joining us for supper.
We need to talk about the
details of what you saw.
The more I know about
this man, the better.
Well, I appreciate it, sir.
But you know, I done my job.
I best be gettin'.
No.
I insist.
Kinda figured you would.
To your health.
You seem a bit nervous, tracker.
Well.
I don't feel nervous.
Bit tired I guess.
What can you tell
us about this man?
Where you want me to start?
Start with anything that'll
help us find him and kill him.
Well I can tell
you from what I seen,
that will not be easy.
But I guess you
already know that.
That's why I'm here.
Do you think he'll ever stop?
When he's dead.
Sit down.
We're gonna listen to him.
Would you stop, boy?
Would you stop?
Would you if they tried to
rape your pregnant wife?
Would you?
What about they
beat her to death
with their bare hands, boy?
Huh?
What about they took your future
away, would you, would you?
Somebody tried to rape
your pregnant wife?
Would ya?
Excuse us.
Little pussy.
Get in there.
I didn't know!
What you mean you
didn't know?
Difference would it
make if you had known?
I told you before.
You better be
ready to go all-in.
You ain't got the guts.
There's blood on my hands too.
Forgive me.
You're still
holding onto your god!
You think he can save me?
You're beyond saving.
But that's my failin', not his.
I'm done with you.
Boy's always been troubled.
Needs some God in his life.
He resists.
After today, and given the
fact that I don't trust you,
I think it'd be
best you left town.
Tonight.
Well I best get a head
start on that leavin' then.
I'll ride with ya, so
you don't change your mind.
Whoa.
It doesn't look like
you brought enough men.
Don't you worry about it.
I can get more.
Shh.
I got ya now, China boy.
Shoulda picked up that gun
that day in the street.
It's a shame you did so much
and accomplished so little.
Come on, let's get outta here.
Go, go, go, go!
Ain't safe here, son.
They gonna be back.
More guns.
And they gonna keep comin' back.
I'm counting on it.
You can leave.
Oh I can, can I?
It seems I done too
much of that already.
And while I appreciate that,
I got no other place to be.
I don't even know your name.
My daddy gave me
Christopher King.
But my friends call me Chris.
You know it's customary
you give your name back.
Jing Phang.
Well it's a pleasure
to meet ya, Jing Phang.
Son of a bitch, son.
Let's get you fixed up.
Come on now.
I think I'm gonna
like this place.
Your woman as pretty
as this shit hole?
Let me make something
clear to you boys.
This is my town.
As long as you're in my town,
you're gonna treat my people
with respect, or
you'll end up in jail
or swingin' on
the end of a rope.
Yes sir, Marshal sir.
Am I gonna regret hirin' you?
We'll get the job done.
All right.
You see anything?
Why only one?
Yeah.
That's all you need if there's
only one man you want dead.
Who you tryin' to kill?
You ask a lot of
questions, don't ya?
I apologize about that, son.
What about you, you got
family back in China?
Brothers, sisters?
No.
You?
Baby brother named Porter.
Mom and Dad died young, so
he's more like a son, but
that boy's special.
Where is he now?
In a hole, next to
his mama and his daddy.
This Colt right here,
last piece of him I got.
And I tell you
somethin', this son bitch
woulda fired when
it's supposed to,
maybe it'd be him
sittin' on these steps
having this conversation.
That bullet, it's
meant for you, isn't it?
Well I tried convincing
of that for a while, but
seems that bullet
got other plans.
It don't matter, though.
Can't hide from it forever.
It'll come home when it's ready.
They all dead.
He came at us like
a wild bobcat.
Took out three of our men.
I didn't sign up for this.
You say you want to
bring down one guy.
You're gettin'
paid to do a job.
You're not paying
us enough for this.
We had a deal.
Unless you wanna
be a fool, Marshal,
I'd be putting that gun away
and deal with your own problem.
Well hold on, gentlemen,
I'll double your fare.
Boy.
I'm feelin' generous,
gentlemen, I'll triple it.
Now you're talking
my kind of language.
Let's go, boys.
Where you think you're goin'?
James?
I'm going to finish
what you couldn't end.
No you're not.
You're going back
to town with me,
and you're going to the
church, where you'll be safe,
and where you can ask for
forgiveness for what you've done.
Forgiveness?
From who, God?
I shoulda stopped
you myself, years ago.
Take your hands
off me, old man.
What would your mother think
about what you've become?
You don't get to mention her.
I know what you did,
when I was a child,
I watched you beat her.
You never thought I
saw that, did you?
Every night after
you drank, her blood
stained on your hands.
Now you talk about
the man I've become.
Well, the apple doesn't fall
far from the tree, does it?
I used to look up to you.
Shit, I had to, my whole life.
I wanted to be you,
I wanted to
take control like you do.
But you found God, and became
the shell of a man
who I once worshiped.
You became weak.
He will wipe every
tear from their eyes.
There will be no more death
or mourning or crying or pain,
for the old order of
things has passed away.
Revelation 21:4.
Go be with your God.
You always loved
him more than me.
Let's go.
No one's here.
Where the hell are they?
Let's go, boy.
It's perfect.
You're perfect.
Forever.
Wake up!
Hmm.
That's it, keep him awake.
I want him to see
everything that is coming.
Nice of you to join us.
When I say I am sorry about
what happened to your wife,
know that I mean it from
the bottom of my heart.
It's a pity to think of
all the fun we could've had
every night, had she
of been less weak.
My father would've
approved of this,
it's a shame he's
not around to see it.
He would've liked that I settled
our little quarrel
all by myself.
But I want you to
watch your friend die
before you return to the dust.
So let's get right to that.
There's an old friend.
I bet you miss.
Always a joker.
I admire that, tracker.
Do it.
Shoot him!
Jesus Christ.
You put that steel
back where it belongs.
Do it.
Hyah.
Get up!
Get up.
Forever.
Subtitles by explosiveskull